* Problems last time
- Criteria failed on last time was focus by University, and not focussed enough PhDs.
  - Limiting to Informatics this time.
  - Others included as asides but not core members.
    - May need bolstering with grant money and PhDs.
  - Aggelos has two grants
    - Horizon 2020 Panoramics
      - 9 partner coordination
      - 4M overall with 0.5M for Edinburgh
    - Starting September Obstain
      - Joint work with Chris Speed (PI)
      - And someone from the business school
      - and some externals (a Newcastle HCI lecturer)
      - David has details
      - ~1M
    - No PhDs graduating from Edinburgh (but some from Athens)
      - One in three years, but won't count
      - Send project titles of Athens ones (3-4) to Jean
      - People who've started AT December will count
      - Jean and me(?) to chase
* How do we position ourselves?
- WRT knowledge domains
- Have changed since earlier in the year
  - With funding climate
- Chris Speed might help with IoT
  - But outside of Informatics
  - Aggelos's project with Chris isn't really IoT unless you *really* squint
  - David says we're /likely/ to want to bring in Chris Speed
    - Jean says reviewers may discount Chris as it's design instead of security
    - Jean says maybe include Mike Davis may look stronger
    - David says maybe Charles Raab in law
- Need some narrative that makes us seem "an integrated and cohesive group"
  - David has a six bubble diagram(?)
    - No dedicated systems security person
      - but a lot of people working in the area
      - could make an area we want to grow
    - Mobile security
      - focus of LFCS
    - Deployment
      - Data security
      - Human factors
        - Links to Turing institude and FAR institute
        - Some collaboration with Machine Learning (Charles Sutton)
    - Aggelos will send comments over email, but seems to make sense
      - Would be good to back up with specific research and projects
      - Papers have to be by full-time staff members
        - Jean to have a look for Adria Gascon
      - Jean to send Aggelos anything
    - Jean says maybe include Harold Haas (design school)
      - Included last time
      - Maybe ask GCHQ?
      - Systems engineering and design have good links, but Informatics not good at talking to them.
    - There is a list of 9 people
      - 8 are LFCS
      - Don says what about Myingin(?)
        - David says not actually security
      - James says we have lots of people who can write a paragraph but not lots who have done in depth work
        - Same problem with PhDs, lots contributing in security but not actually *in* security.
      - We're short of PhDs (and were last year)
        - Especially /completed/.
          - Have 7, need 10.
      - Joseph to write new version
        - Probably about 45 pages some recycled
        - I will be writing links to security in Applications/PhDs
          - Try writing my own!
        - Provide a matrix with indexes
          - Tick boxes with which area they're working in
      - GCHQ don't believe in social concerns, but EPSRC do!
        - Kami seems problematic, but GCHQ know and like her and she *should* be included
          - And she has publications
        - Added privacy in society last time with Charles Raab
          - Does he even have a position now?
        - Berghardt Schafer
          - Aggelos doing something here
            - Also with Robin Williams
            - No joint publications
              - David says evidence with Robin is poor
          - David says would be good if we had a publication here
    - Jean: could make an argument about future growth in areas
      - David: if we don't get the funding we don't do the work so a bit fake to list it
  - What money does James have
    - MS studentship Collin Anderson
      - Not confident she's on schedule
      - Wei Li Fu(?)
    - JSLR continuing funding?
      - Mostly theory?
      - Not great number of publications so far
      - EORD?
    - Grant with DARPA and other US people
      - Monitoring logs
      - System inspection for provenance
      - 700K till 2019 unless DARPA pulls the plug
  - Connections to Gallois

* Meeting early September 
(but Jean out of town first week)
David likely to be swamped with new personal tutees second week

* DONE Update the projects
  CLOSED: [2017-01-30 Mon 11:56]
- First cut of the updated list of projects
  - How healthy is it?
  - in Projects.tex
    - Remove things which are out, but keep AppGuarden
  - Talk with Jean about cutting researchers

Allocate a couple of days to work out the people we're going to include
Talk to Jean.

- We're not quite aware what we want to ask people yet
- Equipment?
  - Eye tracking lab Kami may use
  - Design lab Kami tried to use
  - New building may provide opportunities for collaboration
- Privacy may distract from the narrative
  - New chair in algorithms
    - May be a privacy great person 
    - But we don't know if hes coming yet
      - He has been deliberating for some months
        - Brexit has been putting him off
  - Privacy and security have been studied together historically
  - May link up to human factors

- Add an additional section about human factors

- Jean to build the matrix
- Me to figure about what sections people are in
- Hard to figure out what someone's PhD or abstract are
- First step is to cull!
  - Me to cull PhDs and funding
  - [[http://gow.epsrc.ac.uk/PersonSearch.aspx][Search for people's EPSRC funding]]
  - EU funding harder to get
    - May have to get from portfolio managers in Informatics

    - May be listed on PURE.
      - [[http://www.research.ed.ac.uk/portal/][Edinburgh Research Explorer]]
      - PIM may help
        - Portfolio management

  - Update 6.1 table from previous document

  - Maybe scrap PhDs
    - PhDs who are out of cut off period
    - Try and work out how many we have
    - Try and make tight connections to the categories GCHQ have listed
   
  - Do PhDs first
    - Delete the ones that are definitely falling off
    - Comment out the questionable ones

- Other big task is re-drafting the staff CVs
  - We got them to write them and we redrafted
  - We should ask for them soon!
- Jean to get core-staff to send CV updates to me
  - Maybe I send email and old ones and sections from old application from updates
  - Everyone likes Bibtex in informatics
- Outreach may not be helpful
  - GCHQ seem to care
  - CESG going to be spun out into Royal Society group
    - [[https://royalsociety.org/topics-policy/projects/cybersecurity-research/][Links to report]]

- Don't use Git properly!
  - No branches
  - Lots of folders!
  - Names and dates!
    - :-|









































